
?


1. what are ur short term and long term goals

2. self introduction

3. what is objective of joining this course - why do you want to persue it ?

4. coding, anaytics experience???

5. expectations from this course???

6. last 10 rows , first 5 rows without sorting. using SQL???

7. applications of analytics field in industry

8. Project - Excel, VBA, Access Review, SQL tasks - query - to find out maximum no of incidents solved by a specific team,  find the HR related data like role level, supervisor, job  
 - 
task 

1. Cloud application reports of incidents assigned to my team - assigned to, description, application name, ID, assigned group - time taken to solve it.
2. Isme report is generated in excel and make pivot charts , line charts to show which incidents are occuring more no of tmes for each month and discuss with SENIOR RISK , COMPLIANCE DIRECTOR, STAFF APP ENGINEERS , DATA ENGINEERS
3. DO ACCESS rEVIEW OF users on shared drive and on each application - data pull out using Sql server  - users data - application name, hr joining date, role level of access, supervisor name, app owner, it owner, sso, project type, role id, role creation date employee-y-n and do it 
quarterly for each application in excel using vlookup and index , match functions and find out which are new users and which have left using emp sheet..


5. Tableau - 2-3 months for a project related to health business

6. make sops of all the tasks and gve process improvement ideas for teams


My work in project  -  I am workng in tcs in a US client project. My primary task is to perform access reviews for all the apps in my project using applications users access reports and HR data of employees working in my project. 
In this task, I run a query in  SQL server 2014 to fetch the data related to different apps. Then I export this  data to excel and change data types of the variables like user-ID , then - apply vlookup fuction with previous quarter and HR report to find out new employees and the employees , whose access needs to be revoked.

My second task is to fetch run a macro command using VBA programming language - in this I use procedures, variables, loops and workbook, worksheet objects to segregate the data of incidents assigned to different sub teams 
Incdent team, change team, reporting team, database team - for each of the teams - the incidents are segregated as per the incident code.. all the incdent codes stating with chg goes to change team, inc goes to incident team,resolved time, creation date, description, state, assigned group, CI no are the details

sheet name is automaticall changes as per the team, call all the proc in one procedure

then this excel report is used for analysis - I make tabuular report, line chart and pivot charts to show the data  - 
 - which inc are occuring maximum no of times in month, who has solved maximum no of incidents and who has taken maxim time to solve the INCs...

count of the appworx incidents as per description.

count of incidents in each month

percentage of incidents solved by associates  - count, %age in each month.


apply filters on the data and find out which users are active and which are employees or not...


 


   

  


  




2. self introduction- name,place, father, mother, education, experience, strengths,qualities, hobbies. 


My father is a businessman and mother is housewife. I have completed my graduation from YMCA university in Instrmntation and control. I am working currently in TCS for last 3 years and I am working in a US client project. I love to watch movies, tedx talks on data science in my free time. I always give my 100% in the tasks that I have been given. and have perseverance, patience to complete the tasks given to me.
MY HOBBIES are trekking , playing guitar. and learning R, SAS.

   











1. what are ur short term and long term goals - 

My short term goal is to learn all the practical aspects of the languages, softwares used in data anaytics. 
And, to work hard, to get my hands dirty on projects related to data mining, cleaning and visualising on raw data in startups or mnc 
to gather all the practical knowledge of applications of data analytics in various domains - healhtcare,banking, financial services, retail, ecommerce, telecom sectors,IT security...

My long term goal is to devise my own data science algorithms, and to lead a data science project in a team of data engineers, business analysts, data architects.


applications of analytics in industry  - fraud detection , customer churn prediction, sales forecasting. route optimization in logistics/ecommerce sector, 

TCS project - I got to know about US client project in which , the client wants to find out the reason of late payment from invoice data, I got to know about the
mechanism to first find out the target variables like invoice creation date and due date of payment. for many invoices creation date was after the due date, which was cuasing the late payment of bills


- In healthcare domain, there was a project of US client healthcare company, which provide the solution to knee problems. So, there was a huge data of customer feedback from which company wants to know the main reason of non- satisfaction of customers with the product. There the tcs used decision tree algos in R language to predict the main cause of non- satisfaction.



Why do you want to persue this course ??
1. My Objectives To Join This Program Is To Learn The Skills Of Predictive Modelling, Big Data Technologies Like Hadoop And To Have Extensive Training By Completing Case Studies, Assignments.This Course Will Provide Me A Great Opportunity To Learn The Concepts Of Data Science , R,  Statistics And Machine Learning From Experienced Industry Professionals.
2. Networking with peers, who are from varied academic and industry backgrounds will help me in my future career in analytics. Group assignments will help me to build my team skills.
3. This course has a comprehensive curriculum such as pre-term modules will help me to revise my basics of R, python, stats,then term2 will contain big data, which I need to learn , analytics case studies from different domains like financial, retail. Machine learning, deep learning in term3 will help me to strengthen my skills on regression, cluster techniques used in data analysis.
4. Pedogogy of this core is best for me and I can learn practical apps from industrial speakers...
5. I Have A Passion For Data Science, As I Am Doing Self - Learning Of R Programming, Tableau, SAS For Last 4 Months And Have Solved Assignments In These Technologies. This Course Will Enhance My Knowledge To Another Level and make my career more stable and I will make progressive step in analytics industry. 
   Will Give Me A Lot Of Self Study Time To Complete Case Studies,Projects On Machine Learning, Statistics. I Will Also Get An Opportunity To Learn From Peers And Other Students And It Will Keep Me Motivated To Give My Best. I Am Looking Forward To Join This Course And Give Best By My Hard Work And Knowledge. 
As I Am A Working Professional In TCS For Last 3 Years, I Got To Know That TCS Also Has Projects Related To Data Science, Big Data, Deep Learning. This Also Inspired Me To Go For A Learning Technologies Used In This Field. 



5. expectations from this course???

I expect to make better data driven decisions, business models in my career of business analytics after completing it.
I Will Learn How To Solve Business Problem Using Data Analysis.I Will Learn How To do quantitative/ statistical analysis,Forecasting Sales In Business Industry Using Predictive Techniques, multivariate testing the decisions , making proactive tactical decisions.
I expect to have business domain knowledge from experienced faculty, industry speakers. I will chance to practice management theories in real life scenarios when I will work in any company 
I expect to learn netwrking with persons from different domains, their expeerience and social connect on linkedin which can help me in my future career 



4. coding, anaytics experience???
I have done some coding on sql and SAS in last few months.coding experience on VBA, excel using text functions in project work.
in sql  - running queries on the HR data related to customers.  exporting the report to excel/csv format 
in sas - sorting, merging data sets, changing datatypes of variables and calculating missing value, renaming variables, formatting date time variables.
in vba - making procedures to automate worksheets using loops.

On my own, I have solved assignments---analytics experience on tableau, SAS - sorting, merging data sets, changing datatypes of variables and calculating missing values.
I have solved assignments on tableau and have made a tableau public profile, I have made dashboards, reports on dummy data sets related to sales of laptops and sales of drugs from stores in UK.



My questions ---->> 1. What will be the metrc to evaluate the assignments, projects - grades, or marks   
2. how will the doubts be solved?  applied statistics and computing lab------




7. applications of analytics field in industry -->>

  http://www.digitalvidya.com/blog/data-analytics-applications/

  https://www.ngdata.com/how-predictive-analytics-benefits-business/

https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2015/09/applications-data-science/

https://analyticsindiamag.com/demonetization-role-big-data-analytics-preventing-financial-malpractices/

